it was an
unholy experiment you and your sick
experiments
you'll go to jail for this that became a
cult classic
there's a science doctor not
superstition
now dr herbert west returns
doctor i know you did oh really
you found a way to restore life in a
tale so
chilling and so shocking what
happened to you not even
death can save you lionsgate home
entertainment
and cult classic director brian yuzna
take you beyond your worst
nightmare it works beyond your wildest
fear surprise
beyond it's reanimator
time
jeffrey combs
beyond reanimator hey got any more
heck let's say you've had enough rest
in pieces
[Music]
you